How Discrete mathematics is relevant to the project.

To write a code to work correctly, we must first understand what graphs and different charts exist. Through a discrete mathematics course, we can understand the whole graph Theory.
Discrete mathematics is relevant because:
It helps us understand graphs' definition, which is any collection of vertices and edges.
It helped us understand the different types of graphs and the difference between them.
In the project, we were asked to identify if our graph has Euler circuits; using the knowledge of Discrete mathematics, we have to check the conditions for a chart to fulfill an Euler circuit.
In our code, we used graph theory to
We created five graphs in our codes, and we had to determine if the graphs were Euler, Semi-Euler, or not Euler. From the graph theory, we understood that the graph is an Euler graph if it has zero odd nodes, it is semi_Eurel if it has less than three abnormal nodes but greater than zero, and it is not Eurel if it has more than three odd nodes.

                                                     """Determining the probability"""

Any graph with less than two edges is disconnected, while any graph with at least four edges is connected (since there are only three edges among any 3 of the vertices).

In order to determine the probability of a given graph to be Eulerian, the following conditions must be met:
   1. The graph must have even node degrees; the nodes' probability has an even node degree is 1/2.
   2. The graph must be connected; the graph's probability is 1/2. We can, therefore, calculate
   the probability of the given graph as we know its connection.

So, the probability that any given graph has an Eulerian circuit is provided by the above conditions.
       P(Euler) = P(even node degree) * P(graph is connected)
                = 1/2 * 1/2
                = 0.25 or 25%

                                                              Assumptions
We assumed that our graphs were connected since they all had four edges.
We assumed that the probability of each condition that makes a graph Eulerian is 0.5 so that it would add up to 1 in case all the requirements are fulfilled.
